Is this what it is? It’s out
That's right, forget it
This time’s squad leader meeting is specifically about the upstream people who are difficult to raise.
Your journey has been filled with countless sufferings.
This is my first time in this size
You praise me many times
The last karma meeting is me
And the sky still protects me and pinches my common door
I'm right. For example, the closeness of the next family will also lead to something.
I'm smart too
It’s really me. You don’t even know that I’m not from the Wan family.
It seems that the side
It should be Young Master Wan of the Wan family, right?
You said you didn't give it away
It’s true that there are so many people
Be ready tonight
One in ten thousand
Have I listened?
Are you ready to go out too?
Give it up later
A few words before coming up
It's good to be ready in one day
Isn't there Wan Jiaqi who is just a soft-boiled person?